## ???
Sorrel, Fern, and Fox spent some time at Sanguine for the launch party. She met Malva, the naiad club owner, and Dogwood, the saytr sound engineer. Sorrel did a good job playing music for the crowd on the Danaan Hall side and bumped into some musical acquaintances from the past, and also recognized Beech in the crowd (at the back bar, drinking). Fern introduced Sorrel to her new girlfriend, a naga bartender named Ash. Sorrel gets a shot of vodka in her system and is immediately drunk. Dahlia showed up and demanded that Sorrel play music for her to record, to which Sorrel drunkenly agreed. On the way to the recording "studio" (more of a closet, really), Sorrel finds out that Thorn (the saytr from episode one) is working for Malva as a chef. Malva's recording studio came in handy, but thanks to the alcohol Sorrel ended up switching songs in the middle and falling asleep at the end. Dahlia didn't seem to mind, and Sorrel made $300 on top of the $300 she earned from her performance. After coming down from being intoxicated, Malva asks Sorrel for a favor and (after bribing her with another $500), Malva directs her down some secret stairs behind a bookcase in her office. The stairs lead to a tunnel which connects to the sewer; around a corner, Malva shows Sorrel her secret: a fire-breathing salamander, alive and hanging out underneath her club. Malva asks Sorrel to tell her father about the salamander, which seems perfectly happy to stay in this spot where it's safe (for now). Sorrel, Fern, and Fox head for the exit after Sorrel agrees to tell her dad. She runs into Beech on her way out, but didn't say anything.

